docs: add a note to ensure that compaction cleanup policy is used with kafkasql storage (#3197)
Apicurio/apicurio-registry: docs/modules/ROOT/partials/getting-started/proc-setting-up-kafka-streams-storage.adoc

----
http://example-apicurioregistry-kafkasql.my-project.my-domain-name.com/
----
+

> WARNING: The Kafka topic used by {registry} (named `kafkasql-journal` by default) must be configured with a *compaction* cleanup policy, otherwise a data loss may occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: You must configure the Kafka topic used by {registry} (named `kafkasql-journal` by default) with a compaction cleanup policy, otherwise a data loss may occur.
```

Reviewer: Also suggest showing exactly how to do this in the example CRD above: 
```
spec:
  ...
  config:
    cleanup.policy: compact
```

Author: Updated!
